---
layout: post
title:  First post
noindex: true
---

Catching up with the apps, more appropriately the networking apps has become quite a challenge lately. While some recent ones are getting very popular, older ones are also holding their ground. Interestingly enough older ones are becoming mature as well whether or not they want to be. They are now getting called at the principal's office and stuff. Seems like they're now being treated like teenage crossed human beings who are anticipated to be more responsible.

But anyway, back to the point for today — **Complexity of Usage**. I don't know about others, it takes quite some effort for me to gain the basic understanding of the latest apps. Let me give some example. Several months ago I was trying to figure out how to add a story in ***Instagram***. I was going all over the icons and options and it was a thorny way to be honest. After 8-10 minutes of uttermost struggle, I was finally able to figure it out. And it was indeed an **Aha** moment. Maybe that's how the senior citizens feel when they figure out some ***Facebook*** stuff and now I know the feelings. With some sheer confidence by my side after cracking such complicated puzzle, I headed straight to the play store and installed ***Snapchat*** without any hesitation in mind. Only if I knew what was waiting ahead. The whole thing was complicated, the whole damn thing. Nothing was making any sense to me. I was ratted and completely demolished. But being a true supporter of Bangladesh National Cricket team, I didn't lose hope. The optimistic part somewhere inside kept me from uninstalling it in hope that someday I'll come again and conquer. I'm really happy to announce that **someday** came true last week. It was an absolute **Eureka** moment rest assured. I wouldn't say everything makes complete sense now but I have the basic drills of doing stuffs. I'm in an **okay-but-why** state now and in the process of convincing myself that's the way it should be. 