---
layout: post
title:  Example post 1
noindex: true
---
I don't have much in mind this week. Which means the hash value is going to be rather smaller. Meaning I need some extra padding with it for keeping the size consistent. I've always believed that I'm very bad in this business. Keeping it concise is my thing. At least my subconscious mind loves to think so. But wait, has it been always like this? After careful consideration I have figured out at least one aspect of my life where I was rather elaborate. It is none other than the exam papers up until I started my undergrad. "The customer is always right" and it's even more prominent when the consumer is going to mark you. And also if the pen is mightier than the sword then the mark point must also be tougher than the gun point, right? That's why we're maybe even more concerned than the writers about the significance of the namings of their literatures. We're more thoughtful about what they tried to mean with some specific lines and explain them in a way maybe they never even thought of. I've always wondered about the way they'd react if they could come to see our bisection of their writings. Would they be able to keep up with our level of expectation if they’d know what we think? Or would they go like, "We haven't thought that far when writing, please believe!"? I guess we'll never know the answer and on our defense, we were on mark point.

___

Life took another minor version bump after figuring out the fact that it is possible to set the timer to :90(90 seconds) instead of 1:30(1 minute and 30 seconds) in microwave oven(at least it's true for the one I use) and that's what I actually wanted to say this week.
